make assessment only page more user centred (#1320)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/assessment-only-providers.md

  - experienced
---

> If you’re an experienced teacher with a degree, you may be able to get qualified teacher status (QTS) through a 12-week 'assessment only' (AO) programme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re an experienced teacher with a degree, you may be able to get qualified teacher status (QTS) through a 12-week assessment only (AO) programme.
```

I think as it's already been quoted in the heading it looks a bit funny here too.
